what is up guys my name is quantix and
welcome back to another hillary's
commentary this time we're playing some
rumble pit on countdown and spoiler
alert I go 25 and 40 with the Paradise
killstreak I beginning this game here
but um the gameplay is not one of you
talking about in this video I want to
talk about the halo reach februari
matchmaking update that was released a
couple days ago being februari 7th and
it's been quite a few changes some
interesting changes nothing too major
too big though just some cool slow
changes so we'll start off by saying
that this game is one of the changes in
the matchmaking update they finally put
in a the TU update into rumble pit and
if you guys don't know what the TU
update is it's a tu stands for title
update and the changes include a damaged
bleep so you can beat them down without
popping the shields modified radical
boom and I believe 343 still has a
eighty-five percent blue right there as
you see my cool triple kill but um they
also remove the sword block from rumble
pit so got good as bad it's up to you
it's kind of a personal opinion about
sword block I personally don't like
floor block and I'm glad they removed
that and armor lock impact of camel have
both been there modified and if you guys
haven't heard armor lockers is nerved
and you can now destroy somebody in
armor lock and active camo is just
doesn't last as long I think and I
believe that's all it really did is
bonus time I think when you're standing
still what is normally standstill in
with a camel you're pretty much
invisible for like three minutes that's
how long it seems but they reduced that
time and yeah that's it for the title
update changes um other things other
room those are most like important
interesting updated it it was a 343 is
still unsure whether or not they should
move the team slayer playlist into tu
changes and basically what they did is
um if you play team player now one of
the options will be regular Slayer with
no title update changes and the other
option will be I believe the same map
but what title page options and you can
vote on whatever you want there and
there's Mike
Street 25 / 15 kills sorry and I got
assassinated so running your eyes trying
for the perfection but obviously that
guide ruined my my little dreams of the
kenning one so like I'm saying um team
slayer you pretty much have an option
right now and I believe they're gonna
take in the the results and like if more
people like to vote for the title update
changes then I guess next month they'll
actually make it permanently updated or
people like the normal team player how
it is and they keep going for that then
they won't change it so it's up to you
guys if you guys want to make your voice
heard I guess go play some team slayer
go vote for whatever you want and yeah
you have a chance of getting your voice
heard I guess like I just said so other
changes um squad DLC is updated if you
guys haven't looked at the playlist
population it's pretty low it hovers
around like 300 for other people and
they're gonna make some changes to like
put some more increase the population I
guess you could say and before you you
had to have the anniversary maps so that
kind of reduce the population la cuz i
know a lot of people don't have the maps
and so they remove the anniversary maps
being required but you don't need the
two of two previous map packs that noble
and defiant because it is quad DLC and
if you don't have any DLC then what's
the point of it so still be the first to
map packs and they also put in some
achievement friendly games so if you try
to get some achievements from DLC
gametypes headed to squad DLC and get
your team is so quickly here Grifball
the maps that have been removed are
radiant and impact arena and Syria Vista
believe or sorry I'm radiant is the only
one being removed and a impact arena and
Syria Vista are two new maps being added
to it and that's pretty much all for
curveball and infection they remove the
sword base I know a lot people like sort
of baseball played infection but there
did remove that I don't know if they
remove the there's a custom variant of
it
um like a forged version I don't know
they remove that but that's the end the
game right there guys 25 and for like I
said it's pretty much all the important
updates you guys need to know if you
guys want to see the update for yourself
in writing this head over to a halo-halo
sufficient website halo xbox calm and
lets you look out in there and you guys
enjoyed the video I would appreciate a
thumbs up thumbs down whatever you feel
like and if you're new to channel feel
free to subscribe